Update to new Resonance interface and devices (#57)
HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo_iqm: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> This changelog track changes to the qoqo_iqm project starting at version 0.6.5 (before that it was open-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This changelog track changes to the qoqo_iqm project starting at version 0.1.0.
```
